Update README (#5153)
dani-garcia/vaultwarden: README.md

![Vaultwarden Logo](./resources/vaultwarden-logo-auto.svg)

> An alternative server implementation of the Bitwarden Client API written in Rust and compatible with [official Bitwarden clients](https://bitwarden.com/download/) [[disclaimer](#disclaimer)], perfect for self-hosted deployment where running the official resource-heavy service might not be ideal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative server implementation of the Bitwarden Client API, written in Rust and compatible with the [official Bitwarden clients](https://bitwarden.com/download/) [[disclaimer](#disclaimer)], perfect for self-hosted deployment where running the official resource-heavy service might not be ideal.
```

Author: `the` doesn't add anything here, without is better i think.

Reviewer: Yeah, I could see that. But I think the comma should've been added.

[![GHA Release](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/release.yml?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=fff&label=Release%20Workflow)](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![GHA Build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/build.yml?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=fff&label=Build%20Workflow)](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/actions/workflows/build.yml) <br>
[![Matrix Chat](https://img.shields.io/matrix/vaultwarden:matrix.org.svg?style=flat-square&logo=matrix&logoColor=fff&color=953B00&cacheSeconds=14400)](https://matrix.to/#/#vaultwarden:matrix.org)
[![GitHub Discussions](https://img.shields.io/github/discussions/dani-garcia/vaultwarden?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=fff&color=953B00&cacheSeconds=300)](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/discussions)
[![Discourse Discussions](https://img.shields.io/discourse/topics?server=https%3A%2F%2Fvaultwarden.discourse.group%2F&style=flat-square&logo=discourse&color=953B00)](https://vaultwarden.discourse.group/)

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > **When using this server, please report any bugs or suggestions directly to us (See [Get in touch](#get-in-touch)), regardless of whatever clients you are using (mobile, desktop, browser...). DO NOT use the official Bitwarden support channels.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **When using this server, please report any bugs or suggestions directly to us (see [Get in touch](#get-in-touch)), regardless of whatever clients you are using (mobile, desktop, browser...). DO NOT use the official Bitwarden support channels.**
```

<br>

## Features

> Nearly complete implementation of the Bitwarden Client API is provided including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A nearly complete implementation of the Bitwarden Client API is provided, including:
```

> A Nearly complete implementation of the Bitwarden Client API is provided including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A nearly complete implementation of the Bitwarden Client API is provided, including:
```

>
>This can be configured in [Vaultwarden directly](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Enabling-HTTPS) or using a third-party reverse proxy ([some examples](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Proxy-examples)).
>
>If you have an available domain name, you can get HTTPS certificates with [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/), or you can generate self-signed certificates with utilities like [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert). Some proxies automatically do this step, like Caddy or Traefik (see examples linked above).

> [!TIP]
>**For more detailed examples on how to install, use and configure Vaultwarden you can check our [Wiki](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki).**

The main way to use Vaultwarden is via our container images which are published to [ghcr.io](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/pkgs/container/vaultwarden), [docker.io](https://hub.docker.com/r/vaultwarden/server) and [quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/vaultwarden/server).

> There are also [community driven packages](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Third-party-packages) which can be used, but those might be lagging behind in release or might deviate in the way how to configure Vaultwarden described in our [Wiki](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also [community driven packages](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Third-party-packages) which can be used, but those might be lagging behind the latest version or might deviate in the way Vaultwarden is configured, as described in our [Wiki](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki).
```

### Docker/Podman CLI

Pull the container image and mount a volume from the host for persistent storage.<br>
You can replace `docker` with `podman` if you prefer to use podman.

```shell
docker pull vaultwarden/server:latest
docker run --detach --name vaultwarden \
  --env DOMAIN="https://vw.domain.tld" \
  --volume /vw-data/:/data/ \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  --publish 80:80 \
  vaultwarden/server:latest
```

This will preserve any persistent data under `/vw-data/`, you can adapt the path to whatever suits you.

### Docker Compose

> To use Docker compose you need to create a `docker-compose.yaml` which will hold the configuration to run the Vaultwarden container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Docker compose you need to create a `compose.yaml` which will hold the configuration to run the Vaultwarden container.
```
For reference: https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/blob/main/03-compose-file.md

Author: Well, i kept it as is. But since it is almost a year old the new standard was created. It might be good to change it too indeed.

```yaml
services:
  vaultwarden:
    image: vaultwarden/server:latest
    container_name: vaultwarden
    restart: unless-stopped
    environment:
      DOMAIN: "https://vw.domain.tld"
    volumes:
      - ./vw-data/:/data/
    ports:
      - 80:80
```

<br>

## Get in touch

> Have a question, suggestion or need help setup? Join our community on [Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#vaultwarden:matrix.org), [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/discussions) or [Discourse Forums](https://vaultwarden.discourse.group/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a question, suggestion or need setup help? Join our community on [Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#vaultwarden:matrix.org), [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/discussions) or [Discourse Forums](https://vaultwarden.discourse.group/).
```

Author: I actually have run this specific line through two AI's and grammar tools to get this right. So i think the original version is ok as-is.

Reviewer: Fair enough.

Reviewer 2: As a native English speaker, "need help setup" is definitely not grammatical. I think you have too much faith in computers...

Author: What a nice way of telling it is wrong @jjlin.
As you know I'm not native English, and even my native spelling is sometimes off (as are for native English speakers).

And since i didn't had that much fait did used multiple if you would have read my post a bit better.

But thanks for your comment, ill adjust accordingly.

Reviewer 2: Well, someone already pointed it out as an issue, but you insisted it was fine because you ran it through several tools, so I'm not sure what you expected me to say here.

Author: You could just have mentioned it without the last remark.
A last sentence mentioning it would indeed be better to use something else, or provide an alternative would be much nicer 😄

Reviewer: I think @jjlin meant it like to not put so much faith in these LLMs, since they hallucinate and all that.

Author: I understood what he meant. And i know the can hallucinate or provide wrong answers. That is also why i used other grammar tools. And i too know those could also be wrong, but all tools i used didn't mentioned it to be wrong.

Anyway, thanks for the comments. I'll adjust the wording.

Author: I have remove the term setup all together.
I think that might be better.

If not please provide any other other suggestion.

Reviewer: Looks good to me.

> Encountered a bug or crash? Please search our issue tracker and discussions to see if it's already been reported. If not, please [start a new discussions](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/discussions) or [create a new issue](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/issues/). Ensure you're using latest version of Vaultwarden and there aren't any similar issues open or closed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encountered a bug or crash? Please search our issue tracker and discussions to see if it's already been reported. If not, please [start a new discussion](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/discussions) or [create a new issue](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/issues/). Ensure you're using the latest version of Vaultwarden and there aren't any similar issues open or closed!
```
